We're here, let's go in.
Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad,
I'll go back first.
Well, these are the things I told you yesterday.
Or, I don’t know how to drink you and say,
There are really too many differences between you and me.
Can you please give me some time to think about it.
Time, I don’t know the solution,
There is no need to explain it, you can just think about it slowly,
I won't wait for you.
That's, hello, I want to ask,
Haven't you come out yet after the lunar month?
You are, I am her mother,
Wait a minute and let me take a look at it for you. If you don’t want to,
You have been picked up by her grandmother.
they didn't tell you
Think about it with grandma
Unless the little one and grandma who came are Wang Ping
Where did you pinch yourself?
what do you want to do
I'm not sorry
You must not come up here
I'll come now